<div class="markdown prose w-full break-words dark:prose-invert dark"><h1>Accessing User Camera with JavaScript and HTML5</h1><p>This project demonstrates how to use JavaScript and HTML5 to access the camera of the user. The project uses the <code>getUserMedia</code> API, which is available in most modern browsers.</p><h2>How to Run the Project</h2><p>To run the project, you can simply open the <code>index.html</code> file in a modern web browser such as Chrome, Firefox, or Safari. Once the page has loaded, you should see a message asking for permission to access the camera. Click "Allow" to grant permission.</p><p>After you grant permission, you should see a live video stream from your camera. You can then use the buttons to take a photo or record a video.</p><h2>How to Modify the Project</h2><p>If you want to modify the project, you can edit the <code>index.html</code> and <code>script.js</code> files. Here are some things you might want to change:</p><ul><li><p><code>index.html</code>: This file contains the HTML code for the page. You can change the layout, add more buttons or controls, or modify the text.</p></li><li><p><code>script.js</code>: This file contains the JavaScript code that interacts with the <code>getUserMedia</code> API. You can modify this code to add more functionality, change the way the camera is displayed, or customize the way photos and videos are saved.</p></li></ul><h2>Browser Compatibility</h2><p>The <code>getUserMedia</code> API is supported in most modern web browsers, including Chrome, Firefox, and Safari. However, some older browsers may not support this API. If you encounter any issues, try updating your browser or using a different one.</p><h2>Resources</h2><p>Here are some resources you may find helpful if you want to learn more about using the camera with JavaScript and HTML5:</p><ul><li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API/Taking_still_photos" target="_new">Mozilla Developer Network: Using the Camera</a></li><li><a href="https://www.w3.org/TR/mediacapture-streams/" target="_new">W3C: Media Capture and Streams</a></li><li><a href="https://webrtc.github.io/samples/src/content/getusermedia/gum/" target="_new">WebRTC Samples: Video and Audio Capture</a></li></ul></div>
